New Page on Service Terms for License Metrics (#3198)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/service-terms/license-metrics-bundle/intro.md

---
title: Introduction
layout: bundle
weight: 10

---

> In this section, the billable license metrics for each component of Cumulocity are defined. These metrics are used for billing purposes and represent how Cumulocity computes each unit during the billing period. License metrics are used to quantify resource consumption, system usage, and service utilization for accurate and transparent billing calculations. Customers should refer to these definitions to understand how their usage of {{< company-c8y >}} services is measured and billed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, the billable license metrics for each component of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} are defined. These metrics are used for billing purposes and represent how {{< product-c8y-iot >}} computes each unit during the billing period. License metrics are used to quantify resource consumption, system usage, and service utilization for accurate and transparent billing calculations. Customers should refer to these definitions to understand how their usage of {{< company-c8y >}} services is measured and billed.
```

Each version of the license metrics will be written with an effective date range. License metrics will not be updated during the duration of an active contract, and the version that is used upon signature will persist even if there are additional versions released afterwards. The start date for a contract will be used as the effective date for license metrics, and the version which is active at the time of the contract start date will be used for the duration of the contract. 

> The license metrics contained within this section are valid for "Commit-to-Consume" contracts and are not applicable to other contract types. To identify if your contract is a "Commit-to-Consume" contract, please follow up with your Cumulocity contract or view the contract directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The license metrics contained within this section are valid for "Commit-to-Consume" contracts and are not applicable to other contract types. To identify if your contract is a "Commit-to-Consume" contract, please follow up with your {{< company-c8y >}} contract or view the contract directly. 
```

> For the purposes of all license metrics, one “gibibyte” is defined as 1,073,741,824 bytes as is abbreviated 'GiB'. A gibibyte may be colloqually referred to as a gigabyte and these names should be treated as the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
For the purposes of all license metrics, one “gibibyte” is defined as 1,073,741,824 bytes as is abbreviated 'GiB'. A gibibyte may be colloqually referred to as a gigabyte and these names should be treated as the same value.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}
```
